---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: true
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-06T20:19:20.502Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-06T20:19:14.021Z'
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-03-5a5053fd-99f5-4881-95ca-0f303de8bf9f.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 5a5053fd-99f5-4881-95ca-0f303de8bf9f/index.html
_type: Article

---
Rebecca is a life saver! Although I considered working with a doula, I did not arrange for one nor did I take any labor classes. To my surprise, I went into labor five weeks early and an angel showed up on her own time on one of the coldest Sunday's of the year to guide me through one of the most important moments in my life. Rebecca was extremely empathetic and supportive during the whole experience. She showed up when I needed her the most. Her communication skills were superb and her calm energy helped me to stay focused and relaxed during a time when I was naturally a bit shocked and nervous given the unexpected nature of my early labor. I cannot thank her enough for her service and warmth. My husband and I will never consider having a baby without a doula in the future, thanks to Rebecca.

Kellie Soendergaard Posted 1/29/2016

Rebecca served as our birth and post-partum doula for the birth of our first daughter, Mahalia, in March, 2015\. She was amazing and helped tremendously with so many aspects of the birth and post-partum period. On the day of Mahalia's birth, she brought an amazing energy into the hospital room. She helped me with pain-coping and visualization techniques that allowed me to withstand the pain of labor (which was induced with pitocin) without the use of pain medicines. She also gave my husband a much-needed break after 12 hours of supporting my labor overnight. She even took some amazing photos during labor that our family will always treasure. During the post-partum period she visited me once a week and helped with housework, answered breastfeeding questions and provided much-needed emotional support! Rebecca is an incredibly warm, giving, thoughtful and nurturing person and my husband and I are so thankful that she was a part of Mahalia's birth. We will always have a special bond with her and we highly recommend her doula services.

Corinne Henry  Posted 12/21/2015

Since I wanted to give birth to my first child without any shots, me and my husband were considering to get a doula, but then decided that we can handle it on our own and never found one in advance. I was induced on September 11, and early in the morning on September 12 when I was already in mild pain, my midwife asked if we wanted her to see if there was any doula available that day, and we agreed. For a while I could handle the pain by bouncing on the fit ball, marching, walking, dancing, but then I reached the point when I was laying on the bed in pain, exhausted, and begging for epidural shot, because I thought that nothing else can help, and my husband had no idea how to help me either. Right at that time came Rebecca, and got me through the rest of the labor without any shots. She made me believe in myself, convinced me that I can handle it on my own, then started trying different positions for me (that apparently were much better than just laying on the back), was squeezing my hips, telling my husband what he could do as well, told me to visualize certain hings, and Rebecca was the one who noticed that I was ready for pushing and called for a midwife. She was so sweet and caring, we are so happy that Rebecca was available on that day. Before she came, me and my husband felt so lonely, because midwifes would just stop by, check how dilated I was and leave, there is no one in the hospital who can be there for the whole time with you helping.

I'm so glad that I got to experience in full this natural process of labor, It was truly a beautiful day, and Rebecca is a big part of it. My husband and I love to tell our friends about how our son was born and how Rebecca helped us. We strongly recommend Rebecca as your knowledgeable and loving doula! I don't know when we are going to have a second kid, but hopefully we will be still in the same area and Rebecca can be my birthing coach again. 

Maria Kolesnikova   Posted 5/11/2015